capi board presents
diet and teeth like the
rest of the body the teeth need
nutrients to live and protect such
like fluorine , calcium, phosphorus and
vitamins a balanced diet is
fundamental to have some teeth
Strong and healthy gums the fish
seafood vegetables vegetables
legumes and cereals are foods
good for the teeth on the contrary
Abuse of unhealthy foods
like those rich in sugars
refined people will be more prone to suffer
cavities
remember that the sugars are
present in a multitude of such foods
like candies, chocolate bars,
cakes, soft drinks and
juices prepared by it instead of
sweet try to finish the meal with
some dairy like cheese since it has
a protective effect on the teeth
also moderate the consumption of coffee and tea
to avoid spots and changes in the
coloring of the surface of the
teeth and of course do not forget
brush after each ingestion eliminating
well the remains of food for
Enjoy a healthy mouth and a breath
cool
Avoid using teeth not unduly
break peels with them or bite
the nails since these acts can
cause small cracks or even
big fractures if you like it
chewing gum we recommend those
without sugar that have xylitol a
component that will help prevent
cavities
and if you take care of your diet, take care
their children 's children have a
weaker enamel which makes them more
prone to caries procure
provide them with a low diet of sweets
and proper hygiene and of course
visit your dentist regularly since
The sooner a caries is detected
easy will be to try
i